unlike flowering plants gymnosperms lack
flowers and true fruits all the
gymnosperms in this area are conifers
and evergreen pines have needles which
are joined into bundles along twigs
white pines have five needles per bundle
pitch Pines have three needles per
bundle
Jack Pines have two short needles per
bundle curved cones and unlike some
non-native pines do not have red to
orange bark in the upper portions of the
tree the eastern hemlock a tree which is
most common in ravines around streams
has needles which lie flat along the
sides of the twig and are silver
underneath red cedars grow to be trees
have four-sided twigs and have fruit
like structures around their seeds
northern white cedar czar trees with
leaves and twigs which are flattened and
small cones dwarf junipers are shrubs
with needle-like leaves